Segmentation of 3D electron microscopy (SBFSEM) data to perform realistic simulations of the diffusion process in the brain.

Detailed fibre arrangement are revealed with polarized light imaging in order to validate diffusion imaging techniques.
Unraveling the mesoscopic structure of the human corpus callosum with polarized light imaging.

Creating an atlas of the cerebellar peduncles with tractography in the Human Connectome Project dataset.

Investigating the mechanisms of diffusion restriction along axons with MRI, simulations and polarized light imaging.

In this project, I'm developing MR methods to characterize plasticity-induced white matter changes.

Validation of the biophysical diffusion model NODDI and investigations into fibre insertions into the cortex.

A project to parcellate medial cortical areas on the basis of the layer-specific properties of the diffusion signal.

Comparing ex vivo scans of the cerebellum to histologically stained and reconstructed section of the same specimen.

Creating teaching tool by means of plastinated white matter dissection specimens, combined with tractography images.

Identifying cortical layers (e.g. the line of Gennari) with diffusion imaging in human tissue samples of the primary visual cortex.

In an Alzheimer mouse model, abnormalities in diffusion images were demonstrated in the white and grey matter (hippocampus).

Development of a tractography method that incorporates the contrast in high resolution structural T2*-weighted images.

Methods developement for sports training (e.g. golf) by first identying the optimal EEG-signature and then providing neurofeedback to train the brainwave pattern.

Building a brain-computer interface operated by EEG-signals: the sensorimotor rhythm and slow cortical potential.

Investigating the relation between sampling rate and localization of epileptic foci with a high-end EEG system.

Hardware and software development for a scanning stage used in photoacoustic mammography to detect and monitor breast cancer without using X-rays.
