Van Aalderen-Smeets, S.I. (2007). Neural dynamics of visual selection. Maastricht University, Maastricht, the Netherlands.
Schoffelen, J.M. (2007). Neuronal communication through coherence in the human motor system. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
De Lange, F.P. (2008). Neural mechanisms of motor imagery. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Grol, M.J. (2008). Parieto-frontal circuitry in visuomotor control. Utrecht University, Utrecht, the Netherlands.
Bauer, M. (2008). Functional roles of rhythmic neuronal activity in the human visual and somatosensory system. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Mazaheri, A. (2008). The influence of ongoing oscillatory brain activity on evoked responses and behaviour. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Hooijmans, C.R. (2008). Impact of nutritional lipids and vascular factors in Alzheimer’s disease. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Gaszner, B. (2008). Plastic responses to stress by the rodent urocortinergic Edinger-Westphal nucleus. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Willems, R.M. (2009). Neural reflections of meaning in gesture, language and action. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Van Pelt, S. (2009). Dynamic neural representations of human visuomotor space. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Lommertzen, J. (2009). Visuomotor coupling at different levels of complexity. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Poljac, E. (2009). Dynamics of cognitive control in task switching: Looking beyond the switch cost. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Poser, B.A. (2009). Techniques for BOLD and blood volume weighted fMRI. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Baggio, G. (2009). Semantics and the electrophysiology of meaning. Tense, aspect, event structure. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Van Wingen, G.A. (2009). Biological determinants of amygdala functioning. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Bakker, M. (2009). Supraspinal control of walking: Lessons from motor imagery. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Aarts, E. (2009). Resisting temptation: The role of the anterior cingulate cortex in adjusting cognitive control. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Prinz, S. (2009). Waterbath stunning of chickens – Effects of electrical parameters on the electroencephalogram and physical reflexes of broilers. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Knippenberg, J.M.J. (2009). The N150 of the Auditory Evoked Potential from the rat amygdala: In search for its functional significance. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands. 
Dumont, G.J.H. (2009). Cognitive and physiological effects of 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA or ’ecstasy’) in combination with alcohol or cannabis in humans. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands. 
Pijnacker, J. (2010). Defeasible inference in autism: A behavioral and electrophysiogical approach. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
De Vrijer, M. (2010). Multisensory integration in spatial orientation. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Vergeer, M. (2010). Perceptual visibility and appearance: Effects of color and form. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Levy, J. (2010). In cerebro unveiling unconscious mechanisms during reading. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Treder, M. S. (2010). Symmetry in (inter)action. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Horlings C.G.C. (2010). A weak balance: Balance and falls in patients with neuromuscular disorders. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Snaphaan, L.J.A.E. (2010). Epidemiology of post-stroke behavioural consequences. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.  
Dado – Van Beek, H.E.A. (2010). The regulation of cerebral perfusion in patients with Alzheimer’s disease. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.  
Derks, N.M. (2010). The role of the non-preganglionic Edinger-Westphal nucleus in sex-dependent stress adaptation in rodents. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Wyczesany, M. (2010). Covariation of mood and brain activity. Integration of subjective self-report data with quantitative EEG measures. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Beurze S.M. (2010). Cortical mechanisms for reach planning. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Van Dijk, J.P. (2010). On the Number of Motor Units. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Lapatki, B.G. (2010). The Facial Musculature - Characterization at a Motor Unit Level. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Kok, P. (2010). Word order and verb inflection in agrammatic sentence production. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
van Elk, M. (2010). Action semantics: Functional and neural dynamics. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Majdandzic, J. (2010). Cerebral mechanisms of processing action goals in self and others. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.  
Snijders, T.M. (2010). More than words - Neural and genetic dynamics of syntactic unification. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Grootens, K.P. (2010). Cognitive dysfunction and effects of antipsychotics in schizophrenia and borderline personality disorder. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Nieuwenhuis, I.L.C. (2010). Memory consolidation: A process of integration – Converging evidence from MEG, fMRI and behavior. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Menenti, L.M.E. (2010). The right language: Differential hemispheric contributions to language production and comprehension in context. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands. 
Van Dijk, H.P. (2010). The state of the brain, how alpha oscillations shape behaviour and event related responses. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Meulenbroek, O.V. (2010). Neural correlates of episodic memory in healthy aging and Alzheimer’s disease.  Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Oude Nijhuis, L.B. (2010). Modulation of human balance reactions. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Qin, S. (2010). Adaptive memory: Imaging medial temporal and prefrontal memory systems. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Timmer, N.M. (2011). The interaction of heparan sulfate proteoglycans with the amyloid protein. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Crajé, C. (2011). (A)typical motor planning and motor imagery. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Van Grootel, T.J. (2011). On the role of eye and head position in spatial localisation behaviour. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Lamers, M.J.M. (2011). Levels of selective attention in action planning. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Van der Werf, J. (2011). Cortical oscillatory activity in human visuomotor integration. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Scheeringa, R. (2011). On the relation between oscillatory EEG activity and the BOLD signal. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Bögels, S. (2011). The role of prosody in language comprehension: When prosodic breaks and pitch accents come into play. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Ossewaarde, L. (2011). The mood cycle: Hormonal influences on the female brain. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Kuribara, M. (2011). Environment-induced activation and growth of pituitary melanotrope cells of Xenopus laevis. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Helmich, R.C.G. (2011). Cerebral reorganization in Parkinson’s disease. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Boelen, D. (2011). Order out of chaos? Assessment and treatment of executive disorders in brain-injured patients. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Koopmans, P.J. (2011). fMRI of cortical layers. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
van der Linden, M.H. (2011). Experience-based cortical plasticity in object category representation. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Kleine, B.U. (2011). Motor unit discharges - Physiological and diagnostic studies in ALS. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands. 
Paulus, M. (2011). Development of action perception: Neurocognitive mechanisms underlying children’s processing of others’ actions. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Tieleman, A.A. (2011). Myotonic dystrophy type 2. A newly diagnosed disease in the Netherlands. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands. 
Van Leeuwen, T.M. (2011). ‘How one can see what is not there’: Neural mechanisms of grapheme-colour synaesthesia. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Van Tilborg, I.A.D.A. (2011). Procedural learning in cognitively impaired patients and its application in clinical practice. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Bruinsma, I.B. (2011). Amyloidogenic proteins in Alzheimer’s disease and Parkinson’s disease: Interaction with chaperones and inflammation. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Voermans, N. (2011). Neuromuscular features of Ehlers-Danlos syndrome and Marfan syndrome; expanding the phenotype of inherited connective tissue disorders and investigating the role of the extracellular matrix in muscle. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands. 
Reelick, M. (2011). One step at a time. Disentangling the complexity of preventing falls in frail older persons. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands. 
Buur, P.F. (2011). Imaging in motion. Applications of multi-echo fMRI. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Schaefer, R.S. (2011). Measuring the mind’s ear: EEG of music imagery. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Xu, L. (2011). The non-preganglionic Edinger-Westphal nucleus: An integration center for energy balance and stress adaptation. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Schellekens, A.F.A.  (2011). Gene-environment interaction and intermediate phenotypes in alcohol dependence. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Van Marle, H.J.F. (2011). The amygdala on alert: A neuroimaging investigation into amygdala function during acute stress and its aftermath. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands. 
De Laat, K.F. (2011). Motor performance in individuals with cerebral small vessel disease: An MRI study. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Mädebach, A. (2011). Lexical access in speaking: Studies on lexical selection and cascading activation. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands. 
Poelmans, G.J.V. (2011). Genes and protein networks for neurodevelopmental disorders. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands. 
Van Norden, A.G.W. (2011). Cognitive function in elderly individuals with cerebral small vessel disease. An MRI study. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Jansen, E.J.R. (2011). New insights into V-ATPase functioning: the role of its accessory subunit Ac45 and a novel brain-specific Ac45 paralog. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Haaxma, C.A. (2011). New perspectives on preclinical and early stage Parkinson's disease. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Haegens, S. (2012). On the functional role of oscillatory neuronal activity in the somatosensory system. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
van Barneveld, D.C.P.B.M. (2012). Integration of exteroceptive and interoceptive cues in spatial localization. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands. 
Spies, P.E. (2012). The reflection of Alzheimer disease in CSF. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Helle, M. (2012). Artery-specific perfusion measurements in the cerebral vasculature by magnetic resonance imaging. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Egetemeir, J. (2012). Neural correlates of real-life joint action. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Janssen, L. (2012). Planning and execution of (bi)manual grasping. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Vermeer, S. (2012). Clinical and genetic characterisation of autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxias. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Vrins, S. (2012). Shaping object boundaries: Contextual effects in infants and adults. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Weber, K.M. (2012). The language learning brain: Evidence from second language and bilingual studies of syntactic processing. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Verhagen, L. (2012). How to grasp a ripe tomato. Utrecht University, Utrecht, the Netherlands.
Nonkes, L.J.P. (2012). Serotonin transporter gene variance causes individual differences in rat behaviour: For better and for worse. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Joosten-Weyn Banningh, L.W.A. (2012). Learning to live with Mild Cognitive Impairment: development and evaluation of a psychological intervention for patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment and their significant others. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Xiang, HD. (2012). The language networks of the brain. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Snijders, A.H. (2012). Tackling freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Rouwette, T.P.H. (2012). Neuropathic pain and the brain - Differential involvement of corticotropin-releasing factor and urocortin 1 in acute and chronic pain processing. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Van de Meerendonk, N. (2012). States of indecision in the brain: Electrophysiological and hemodynamic reflections of monitoring in visual language perception. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Sterrenburg, A. (2012). The stress response of forebrain and midbrain regions: Neuropeptides, sex-specificity and epigenetics. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Uithol, S. (2012). Representing action and intention. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Van Dam, W.O.  (2012). On the specificity and flexibility of embodied lexical-semantic representations. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Slats, D. (2012).  CSF biomarkers of Alzheimer’s disease: Serial sampling analysis and the study of circadian rhythmicity. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Van Nuenen, B.F.L. (2012). Cerebral reorganization in premotor parkinsonism. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
van Schouwenburg, M.R. (2012). Fronto-striatal mechanisms of attentional control. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Azar, M.G. (2012). On the theory of reinforcement learning: Methods, convergence analysis and sample complexity. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Meeuwissen, E.B. (2012). Cortical oscillatory activity during memory formation. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Arnold, J.F. (2012). When mood meets memory: Neural and behavioral perspectives on emotional memory in health and depression. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Gons, R.A.R. (2012). Vascular risk factors in cerebral small vessel disease: A diffusion tensor imaging study. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Wingbermühle, E. (2012). Cognition and emotion in adults with Noonan syndrome: A neuropsychological perspective. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Walentowska, W. (2012). Facing emotional faces. The nature of automaticity of facial emotion processing studied with ERPs. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands. 
Hoogman, M. (2012). Imaging the effects of ADHD risk genes. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Tramper, J. J. (2012). Feedforward and feedback mechanisms in sensory motor control. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Van Eijndhoven, P. (2012). State and trait characteristics of early course major depressive disorder. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
Visser, E. (2012). Leaves and forests: Low level sound processing and methods for the large-scale analysis of white matter structure in autism. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Van Tooren-Hoogenboom, N. (2012). Neuronal communication in the synchronized brain. Investigating the functional role of visually-induced gamma band activity: Lessons from MEG. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Henckens, M.J.A.G. (2012). Imaging the stressed brain. Elucidating the time- and region-specific effects of stress hormones on brain function: A translational approach. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Van Kesteren, M.T.R. (2012). Schemas in the brain: Influences of prior knowledge on learning, memory, and education. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Brenders, P. (2012). Cross-language interactions in beginning second language learners. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Ter Horst, A.C. (2012). Modulating motor imagery. Contextual, spatial and kinaesthetic influences. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Tesink, C.M.J.Y. (2013). Neurobiological insights into language comprehension in autism: Context matters. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Böckler, A. (2013). Looking at the world together. How others’ attentional relations to jointly attended scenes shape cognitive processing. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Van Dongen, E.V. (2013). Sleeping to Remember. On the neural and behavioral mechanisms of sleep-dependent memory consolidation. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Volman, I. (2013). The neural and endocrine regulation of emotional actions. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Buchholz, V. (2013). Oscillatory activity in tactile remapping. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Van Deurzen, P.A.M. (2013). Information processing and depressive symptoms in healthy adolescents. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Whitmarsh, S. (2013). Nonreactivity and metacognition in mindfulness. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Vesper, C. (2013). Acting together: Mechanisms of intentional coordination.  Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Lagro, J. (2013). Cardiovascular and cerebrovascular physiological measurements in clinical practice and prognostics in geriatric patients. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, the Netherlands. 
Eskenazi, T.T. (2013).  You, us & them: From motor simulation to ascribed shared intentionality in social perception. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands. 
Ondobaka, S. (2013). On the conceptual and perceptual processing of own and others’ behavior. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands. 
Overvelde, J.A.A.M. (2013). Which practice makes perfect? Experimental studies on the acquisition of movement sequences to identify the best learning condition in good and poor writers. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands. 
Kalisvaart, J.P. (2013). Visual ambiguity in perception and action. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, The Netherlands. 
Kroes, M. (2013). Altering memories for emotional experiences. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Duijnhouwer, J. (2013).  Studies on the rotation problem in self-motion perception. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Nijhuis, E.H.J (2013).  Macroscopic networks in the human brain: Mapping connectivity in healthy and damaged brains. University of Twente, Enschede, The Netherlands
Braakman, M. H. (2013). Posttraumatic stress disorder with secondary psychotic features. A diagnostic validity study among refugees in the Netherlands. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Zedlitz, A.M.E.E. (2013). Brittle brain power. Post-stroke fatigue, explorations into assessment and treatment. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Schoon, Y. (2013). From a gait and falls clinic visit towards self-management of falls in frail elderly. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Jansen, D. (2013). The role of nutrition in Alzheimer's disease - A study in transgenic mouse models for Alzheimer's disease and vascular disorders. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Kos, M. (2013). On the waves of language - Electrophysiological reflections on semantic and syntactic processing. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Severens, M. (2013). Towards clinical BCI applications: Assistive technology and gait rehabilitation. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, Sint Maartenskliniek, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Bergmann, H. (2014). Two is not always better than one: On the functional and neural (in)dependence of working memory and long-term memory. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Wronka, E. (2013). Searching for the biological basis of human mental abilitites. The relationship between attention and intelligence studied with P3. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Lüttjohann, A.K. (2013). The role of the cortico-thalamo-cortical system in absence epilepsy. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Brazil, I.A. (2013). Change doesn’t come easy: Dynamics of adaptive behavior in psychopathy. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Zerbi, V. (2013).  Impact of nutrition on brain structure and function. A magnetic resonance imaging approach in Alzheimer mouse models. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Delnooz, C.C.S. (2014). Unravelling primary focal dystonia. A treatment update and new pathophysiological insights. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Bultena, S.S. (2013). Bilingual processing of cognates and language switches in sentence context. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Janssen, G. (2014). Diagnostic assessment of psychiatric patients: A contextual perspective on executive functioning. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Piai, V. Magalhães (2014). Choosing our words: Lexical competition and the involvement of attention in spoken word production. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Van  Ede, F. (2014). Preparing for perception. On the attentional modulation, perceptual relevance and physiology of oscillatory neural activity. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Brandmeyer, A. (2014). Auditory perceptual learning via decoded EEG neurofeedback: a novel paradigm. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Radke, S. (2014). Acting social: Neuroendocrine and clinical modulations of approach and decision behavior. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Simanova, I. (2014). In search of conceptual representations in the brain: towards mind-reading. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Kok, P. (2014). On the role of expectation in visual perception: A top-down view of early visual cortex. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Van Geldorp, B. (2014. The long and the short of memory: Neuropsychological studies on the interaction of working memory and long-term memory formation.  Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Meyer, M. (2014). The developing brain in action - Individual and joint action processing. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Wester, A. (2014). Assessment of everyday memory in patients with alcohol-related cognitive disorders using the Rivermead Behavioural Memory Test. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Koenraadt, K. (2014). Shedding light on cortical control of movement. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen; Sint Maartenskliniek, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Rutten-Jacobs, L.C.A. (2014). Long-term prognosis after stroke in young adults. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Herbert, M. (2014).  Facing uncertain diagnosis: the use of CSF biomarkers for the differential diagnosis of neurodegenerative diseases. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Llera Arenas, A. (2014). Adapting brain computer interfaces for non-stationary changes. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Smulders, K. (2014).  Cognitive control of gait and balance in patients with chronic stroke and Parkinson's disease. Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Boyacioglu, R. (2014). On the application of ultra-fast fMRI and high resolution multiband fMRI at high static field strengths. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Kleinnijenhuis, M. (2014). Imaging fibres in the brain. Radboud University Nijmegen, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
